dry-run: idempiere/idempiere: iDempiere. Community Powered Enterprise.  Full Open Source Business Suite ERP/CRM/MFG/SCM/POS
dry-run: adempiere/adempiere: ADempiere Business Suite ERP/CRM/MFG/SCM/POS done the Bazaar way in an open and unabated fashion. Focus is on the Community that includes Subject Matter Specialists, Implementors and End-Users.
dry-run: moqui/PopCommerce: POP Commerce is an eCommerce and ERP application suite for retail and wholesale organizations. POP Commerce is based on Moqui Framework, Mantle Business Artifacts, and Simple Screens.
dry-run: geneos/adempiere: ADempiere Business Suite ERP/CRM/MFG/SCM/POS
dry-run: pkcool/bssuite: business solution suite
dry-run: akhilmathew001/business-erp-suite: An ERP application based on Python/Django
dry-run: iDempiereOSGiERP/idempiere: iDempiere Business Suite ERP/CRM/SCM done the community way. Focus is on the Community that includes Subject Matter Specialists, Implementors and End-Users. iDempiere is based on original Compiere/Adempiere plus a new architecture to use state-of-the-art technologies like OSGi, jetty, zk, Buckminster.
dry-run: verpseo/verp-erp-packages: Enterprise resource planning (ERP) is business packages software that allows an organization to use a system of vERP applications to manage the business and Automobiles many Manufacturing functions related to technology, services and human resources. ERP software integrates all facets of an operation — including product planning, development, manufacturing, sales and marketing — in a single database, application and user interface. ERP is an Enterprise Application for ERP packages ERP software is considered to be a type of enterprise packages, that is software designed to be used by larger businesses and often requires dedicated teams to customize and analyze the data and to handle upgrades and deployment. In contrast, Small business ERP applications are lightweight business management software solutions, often customized for a specific business industry or vertical.  ERP Software Modules Explained ERP software typically consists of multiple enterprise Automobiles modules that are individually purchased, based on what best meets the specific needs and technical capabilities of the organization. Each ERP module is focused on one area of business processes, such as product development or marketing. Some of the most common ERP modules include those for product planning, material purchasing, inventory control, distribution, accounting, marketing, finance and HR. A business will typically use a combination of different modules to manage back-office activities and tasks including the following: Distribution process management, supply chain management, services knowledge base, configure, prices, improve accuracy of financial data, facilitate better project planning, automate employee life-cycle, standardize critical business procedures, reduce redundant tasks, assess business needs, accounting and financial applications, lower purchasing costs, manage human resources and payroll. As the ERP methodology has become more popular, ERP Customized software  have merged to help business managers implement ERP in to other business activities and may incorporate modules for CRM and business demo in kolkata, presenting it as a single ERP package. Recommended Reading: The Difference Between CRM and ERP The basic goal of using an enterprise resource planning system is to provide one central repository for all information that is shared by all the various ERP facets to improve the flow of data across the organization. Enterprise ERP Trends The ERP field can be slow to change, but the last couple of years have unleashed forces which are fundamentally shifting the entire area. The following new and continuing trends affect enterprise ERP software: 1. Mobile ERP  Executives and employees want real-time access to information, regardless of where they are. It is expected that businesses will embrace mobile ERP for the reports, dashboards and to conduct key business processes. 2. Cloud ERP The cloud has been advancing steadily into the enterprise for some time, but many ERP users have been reluctant to place data cloud. Those reservations have gradually been evaporating, however, as the advantages of the cloud become apparent. 3. Social ERP There has been much hype around social media and how important —or not — it is to add to ERP systems. Certainly, vendors have been quick to seize the initiative, adding social media packages to their ERP systems with much fanfare. But some wonder if there is really much gain to be had by integrating social media with ERP. 4. Two-tier ERP Enterprises once attempted to build an all-encompassing ERP system to take care of every aspect of organizational systems. But some expensive failures have gradually brought about a change in strategy – adopting two tiers of ERP. ERP Vendors Depending on your organization's size and needs there are a number of enterprise resource planning software vendors to choose from in the large enterprise, mid-market and the small business ERP market. Gartner's annual market share reports put SAP, Oracle, Sage, Microsoft and Net Suite among the top vendors, but vERP data suggests that SAP and Oracle are easily the biggest two, with vERP. http://www.verp.in/ERP-Packages
dry-run: labane/Business360: ERP/MIS Software Suite that runs locally and extends to the cloud
dry-run: pshepetko/org.idempiere.tms: Transport Management Plugin for iDempiere ERP Business Suite
dry-run: pshepetko/org.idempiere.cashforecasting: Cash Forecasting Plugin for iDempiere ERP Business Suite
dry-run: pshepetko/org.idempiere.mfg: Libero Manufacturing Plugin for iDempiere ERP Business Suite
dry-run: hasarinda/CeygateERP: CeygateERP is a suite of web based open source business apps.
dry-run: multai1/ERP-Software-and-CRM-Service-Providers---MULTAI: Enterprise resource planning systems (ERP) “is a category of business-management software—typically a suite of integrated applications—that an organization can use to collect, store, manage and interpret data from many business activities, including product planning, cost, manufacturing or service delivery, marketing and sales, inventory management, shipping, and payment”.
dry-run: dataxalabs/iDempiere-fr: iDempiere Business Suite ERP/CRM/SCM done the community way. Focus is on the Community that includes Subject Matter Specialists, Implementors and End-Users. iDempiere is based on original Compiere/Adempiere plus a new architecture to use state-of-the-art technologies like OSGi, Buckminster, zk.
dry-run: Learnittraining/Learn-It-Training-S4-HANA-SAP-Simple-Finance-All-SAP-courses: Whether you’re an SAP professional, developer, consultant, entrepreneur, professor or student you can keep up to date with the latest innovations from SAP at your availability with online classes. Learn IT Training is a dynamic e-learning podium which provides you virtual environment with effective online learning experience by industry experts across India,USA,Canada,Australia,UAE& UK.We impart technology  which takes you to improved performance and focus on growth and innovation. Run Simple In a Digital World with SAP S4 HANA SAP S4 HANA: SAP built a new, intelligent ERP solution in a digital core of entire business. It is a real-time enterprise resource management suite for digital business.It is a industry leading enterprise cloud to shorten time-to-value and deploy a digital core. SAP S/4HANA supports the Internet of Things (IoT), Big Data, real-time analytics, mobile, business networks, third-party systems, and more.Through SAP HANA one can experience through supporting  3000+ databases under management. Did You Know? SAP S/4HANA Simple Finance is a combination of SAP Accounting powered by SAP HANA, SAP Cash Management and SAP Integrated Business Planning (IP, BPC and embedded BW) for Finance and also includes additional innovations in the areas of Treasury and Financial Risk Management, Collaborative Finance Operations and more Some industry solutions and SAP ERP add-ons are not fully compatible with SAP Simple Finance, like Asset Accounting (FI-AA). Carefully assess compatibility with other components in your landscape. SAP® S/4HANA embedded analytics is the collection of all analytics features integrated in the SAP S/4HANA suite that enables business users, business analysts, and IT to perform real-time process analytics.  Training Plan  Duration: 25 Working Days (Monday to Friday)  Timings: Daily 1 Hour to 2 Hours Based on Topic of the dayDate wise schedule will be issued once Registration is conform Recordings: Daily topic wise recording will be sent in 24 hours  Practice materials: Daily topic wise Materials will be sent in 24 hours   Highlights Of SAP S4 HANA Online Training: The latest version of SAP S4 HANA cloud go with innovations in digital transformation across different lines of business and increase efficiency and made it simple. Increase revenue, profit, and market share Integrated  quality management Production planning and detailed scheduling and extended warehouse management within  the digital core to simplify your landscape High insights and expected analytics Drive real time decision making …..and more   Curricula Of Online Course: SAP S/4HANA Introduction  SAP S/4HANA Implementation and Administration SAP S/4HANA Programming SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management SAP S/4HANA Analytics
dry-run: gracefuller/hire-software-programmer: We are seeking a software programmer to design, develop, and maintain software for the supply chain color management.  This position involves working with a team of professional programmers, scientists, technologists as well as business professionsals in the development of novel and sophisticated ERP system with special emphasis on a suite of intergrated color applications to collect, store manage and interpret date from business and production activities.     Desired Skills and Experience:   Bachelor of Science Degree or higher in Computer Science / Mathematics / Electrical Engineering / Physics or other relevant fields meeting the following skill set and experience requirements.  Must be proficient with C++, Windows x32/64, C#, as well as building user interfaces with a SQL database.  Must have 5+ years experience creating Database-backed Windows Applications using C++ and/or C#.  In addition, the candidate must have strong independent working experience while taking direction from withing a team or outside of a team meeting the objectives effectively and timely.  It is not a requirement but is a plus if the candidate has working experience with Ruby on Rails, .NET, Microsoft Azure and CSS programming for interfacing with the web, understand protocol/SDK for hardware/software interfacing for real-time control of date acquisition as well as understaning image file formats.  Finally, knowledge with color science and strong mathematics adds value to the job.  Have demonstrated the ability to handle multiple projects, meet deadlines, and effectively manage and communicate priorities.  A successful candidate will have considerable independence, working in a vigourous and exciting research environment.  Competitive salary commensurate with experience and qualifications.
