dry-run: odoo/odoo: Odoo. Open Source Apps To Grow Your Business.
dry-run: ilscipio/scipio-erp: Your Online Business Kit - Build your own business applications. Create your own online shop. Customize to your own needs.
dry-run: odoo/docker: 
dry-run: tsolucio/corebos: core Business Operating System
dry-run: metasfresh/metasfresh: We do Open Source ERP - Fast, Flexible & Free Software to scale your Business.
dry-run: hexya-erp/hexya: Hexya business application development framework
dry-run: tryton/trytond: Mirror of trytond
dry-run: zadr50/maxon: ERP Software for Your Business
dry-run: mindaslab/erp: An very small ERP solution for small businesses. Uses Rails 4.1.
dry-run: ViennaAdvantage/ERP-CMR-DMS:  A business-level ERP with DMS and CRM, copy of VIENNA Advantage
dry-run: interactive32/erp32: ERP32 - web-based business management php software
dry-run: yvesb/soothERP: Projet non officiel de correctifs de bogues de la version Community du logiciel Lundi Matin Business®
dry-run: idempiere/idempiere: iDempiere. Community Powered Enterprise.  Full Open Source Business Suite ERP/CRM/MFG/SCM/POS
dry-run: seyhanp/seyhan: an erp (Enterprise Resource Planning or Accounting) project targeting small and middle sized businesses with the feature of multi user, database, browser and operating system independency.
dry-run: uzerpllp/uzerp: uzERP - Open Source Business Management
dry-run: HH95/HH---POS-Accounting-and-ERP-Software: Small and Medium Business POS, Accounting and ERP Software
dry-run: adempiere/adempiere: ADempiere Business Suite ERP/CRM/MFG/SCM/POS done the Bazaar way in an open and unabated fashion. Focus is on the Community that includes Subject Matter Specialists, Implementors and End-Users.
dry-run: dmatthes/django-bmf: Business Management Framework with integrated ERP solution written for django
dry-run: PrimaverabssDeveloper/ERP10Extensibility: In this repository you will find information and code samples to change the application business workflow.
dry-run: YetiForceCompany/YetiForceCRM: Our team created for you one of the most innovative CRM systems that supports mainly business processes and allows for customization according to your needs. Be ahead of your competition and implement YetiForce!
dry-run: actpy/actpy: Python framework for business applications contains ERP , CRM , HRM , MRP , POS and many more
dry-run: inshopgroup/inshop-crm-api: Inshop CRM / ERP API. It's powerful framework allows to build systems for business with different workflows. It has on board multi language support, clients management, projects & tasks, documents, simple accounting, inventory management, orders & invoice management, possibilities to integrate with third party software, REST API, and many other features.
dry-run: papyrussolution/OpenPapyrus: Sophisticated ERP, CRM, Point-Of-Sale, etc. Open source now. This system is developed since 1996.
dry-run: moqui/PopCommerce: POP Commerce is an eCommerce and ERP application suite for retail and wholesale organizations. POP Commerce is based on Moqui Framework, Mantle Business Artifacts, and Simple Screens.
dry-run: inshopgroup/inshop-crm-client: Inshop CRM / ERP Client. It's powerful framework allows to build systems for business with different workflows. It has on board multi language support, clients management, projects & tasks, documents, simple accounting, inventory management, orders & invoice management, possibilities to integrate with third party software, REST API, and many other features.
dry-run: ik486/ERP5-University: ERP5 Business Template for University Administration
dry-run: audemium/erp: Audemium ERP is a free and open-source Enterprise Resource Planning system for small businesses.
dry-run: codenerix/django-codenerix: Django+AngularJS+Bootstrap library for fast development of CMS, ERP, Business Management Software
dry-run: geneos/adempiere: ADempiere Business Suite ERP/CRM/MFG/SCM/POS
dry-run: kaiqigong/erplite: This is a ERP for small business
dry-run: getrebuild/rebuild: Building your business-systems freely! 高度可定制化的企业管理系统
dry-run: nabinhait/erpbook: Guide for small businesses on how to use an ERP in story format
dry-run: moqui/SimpleScreens: Simple Screens is a library of screens and screen components (forms, sections, transitions) to be included, extended, or generally reused in applications based on Moqui Framework and Mantle Business Artifacts.
dry-run: brightsolutions/erpal_platform: The ERPAL Platform Drupal distribution for flexible business applications
dry-run: ra-systems/RA: A Django based framework to create diverse business solutions, equipped with a reporting engine and a responsive dashboard.
dry-run: pkcool/bssuite: business solution suite
dry-run: Orange-Management/Orange-Management: Application entry point
dry-run: AndrewPodner/prophet21: Various scripts and business rules that are useful in administrating the Epicor Prophet 21 ERP system
dry-run: moqui/HiveMind: HiveMind is a project management and ERP application for services organizations. It features project/task management, request tracking, time tracking, expenses, invoices/payments, general ledger, and content management (wiki). HiveMind is based on Moqui Framework, Mantle Business Artifacts, and Simple Screens.
dry-run: gaurav-naik/concord_erpnext: Custom Frappe-based implementation for a transport business.
dry-run: B-PRAVEEN/eBay-Small-ERP-System-Window-Application: ERP System for ebay Sellers [IN] is a complete Standalone application software for Small and Midsized Enterprise seller at ebay.in, It will helps them to manage their ebay business easily and efficiently. This project is still under the development Phases.
dry-run: erashishmodi/ProductErpSystem: System Solutions For Business
dry-run: omersayem007/ElementoryERP: A system of integrated applications to manage the business and automate many back office functions related to technology, services and human resources.
dry-run: akhilmathew001/business-erp-suite: An ERP application based on Python/Django
dry-run: amoserp/amoserp: 企业联合作战指挥系统
dry-run: seava/seava.lib.e4e: Extjs based user interface framework for ERP style business applications
dry-run: verpseo/verp-erp-packages: Enterprise resource planning (ERP) is business packages software that allows an organization to use a system of vERP applications to manage the business and Automobiles many Manufacturing functions related to technology, services and human resources. ERP software integrates all facets of an operation — including product planning, development, manufacturing, sales and marketing — in a single database, application and user interface. ERP is an Enterprise Application for ERP packages ERP software is considered to be a type of enterprise packages, that is software designed to be used by larger businesses and often requires dedicated teams to customize and analyze the data and to handle upgrades and deployment. In contrast, Small business ERP applications are lightweight business management software solutions, often customized for a specific business industry or vertical.  ERP Software Modules Explained ERP software typically consists of multiple enterprise Automobiles modules that are individually purchased, based on what best meets the specific needs and technical capabilities of the organization. Each ERP module is focused on one area of business processes, such as product development or marketing. Some of the most common ERP modules include those for product planning, material purchasing, inventory control, distribution, accounting, marketing, finance and HR. A business will typically use a combination of different modules to manage back-office activities and tasks including the following: Distribution process management, supply chain management, services knowledge base, configure, prices, improve accuracy of financial data, facilitate better project planning, automate employee life-cycle, standardize critical business procedures, reduce redundant tasks, assess business needs, accounting and financial applications, lower purchasing costs, manage human resources and payroll. As the ERP methodology has become more popular, ERP Customized software  have merged to help business managers implement ERP in to other business activities and may incorporate modules for CRM and business demo in kolkata, presenting it as a single ERP package. Recommended Reading: The Difference Between CRM and ERP The basic goal of using an enterprise resource planning system is to provide one central repository for all information that is shared by all the various ERP facets to improve the flow of data across the organization. Enterprise ERP Trends The ERP field can be slow to change, but the last couple of years have unleashed forces which are fundamentally shifting the entire area. The following new and continuing trends affect enterprise ERP software: 1. Mobile ERP  Executives and employees want real-time access to information, regardless of where they are. It is expected that businesses will embrace mobile ERP for the reports, dashboards and to conduct key business processes. 2. Cloud ERP The cloud has been advancing steadily into the enterprise for some time, but many ERP users have been reluctant to place data cloud. Those reservations have gradually been evaporating, however, as the advantages of the cloud become apparent. 3. Social ERP There has been much hype around social media and how important —or not — it is to add to ERP systems. Certainly, vendors have been quick to seize the initiative, adding social media packages to their ERP systems with much fanfare. But some wonder if there is really much gain to be had by integrating social media with ERP. 4. Two-tier ERP Enterprises once attempted to build an all-encompassing ERP system to take care of every aspect of organizational systems. But some expensive failures have gradually brought about a change in strategy – adopting two tiers of ERP. ERP Vendors Depending on your organization's size and needs there are a number of enterprise resource planning software vendors to choose from in the large enterprise, mid-market and the small business ERP market. Gartner's annual market share reports put SAP, Oracle, Sage, Microsoft and Net Suite among the top vendors, but vERP data suggests that SAP and Oracle are easily the biggest two, with vERP. http://www.verp.in/ERP-Packages
dry-run: seava/seava.lib.j4e: Java server-side framework for ERP style business applications
dry-run: inshopgroup/inshop-crm-ecommerce: Inshop CRM / ERP ecommerce. It's powerful framework allows to build systems for business with different workflows. It has on board multi language support, clients management, projects & tasks, documents, simple accounting, inventory management, orders & invoice management, possibilities to integrate with third party software, REST API, and many other features.
dry-run: JuhoKanniainen/Edward-Online-ERP-for-beauty-salons: Online ERP system to streamline and help beauty salon business management and accounting / reporting.
dry-run: Click2Sync/java-rc-sapb1: Java implementation of the reverse connector API of Click2Sync for SAP Business One
dry-run: kadavris/ok-sklad: Ok-Inventory/Biz-Operator ERP for small and medium business. ОК-Склад. Складской учёт и веб-магазины.
dry-run: AhmedMHAM/BusinessPlus-ERP: ERP Business Application Development
dry-run: superuser85/Erp: Business Apps
dry-run: MBPgb/ERP: Business software
dry-run: noman1450/BusinessERP: 
dry-run: KasunGamage/ERP-System: business process management software based on java se
dry-run: zgw1469039806/BusinessErp: test
dry-run: pbetkowski/Erp: Simulation of business process
dry-run: bibinprathap/ERP: ERP Software  This software can be described as a complete business software solution.It has module such as sales , purchase ,inventory,Accounts.
dry-run: lucas7005/BusinessManager: ERP focado no gerenciamento de microempresas.
dry-run: marquish/ErpBusinessFramework: 
dry-run: zain24/ERP: Methodology for a successful business
dry-run: ybr1100/ErpAllBusiness: ERP ALL BUSINESS
dry-run: oldwizard/erp: Simple ERP for small business
dry-run: Nostromondo/ERP: Business Intelligence tools for hospitality
dry-run: facascante/erp: ERP for Small Scale Business
dry-run: iDempiereOSGiERP/idempiere: iDempiere Business Suite ERP/CRM/SCM done the community way. Focus is on the Community that includes Subject Matter Specialists, Implementors and End-Users. iDempiere is based on original Compiere/Adempiere plus a new architecture to use state-of-the-art technologies like OSGi, jetty, zk, Buckminster.
dry-run: dobusiness/cloud-business-erp: Cloud Business ERP
dry-run: xmwh171/business-erp: 
dry-run: umaidkhan/ERP-BUSINESS: 
dry-run: akarat27/odoo9_ERP01: odoo9 for pet services business
dry-run: aspscriptsonline/Longtail-ERP: ERP for Small Business
dry-run: Quadramma/App.BasicERP: simple erp for business
dry-run: josphat/spirit-of-ecstasy: ERP - Maximize business potential
dry-run: AshrafulRasel/SalesERP: Sales ERP is a Modern and responsive small business management system. Developed by PHP and Laravel. It is Designed and Develop for thinking shop, small business, company and any types of business. Here has accounting,management, invoice user and Data analysis.
dry-run: thebearingedge/lil-erp: A Small Business ERP.
dry-run: jahuweb/jahuerp: ERP for small business
dry-run: global-erp-organisation/global-erp-business-layer: Global erp business layer API
dry-run: notima/businessObjectAdapters: Contains adapters to different ERP / invoice / order sources / destinations
dry-run: andreyoliveira/PotiERP-Business: PotiERP-Business
dry-run: TurbOEMS/ERP-Software-for-Export-business-: Turbo ERP provides a comprehensive Export ERP software, ERP Software for Exporters, ERP Software for Export business, ERP solution for export business to manage the day-to-day activities of the export industry smoothly.Contact US- 919818514488, 919717014488    
dry-run: jerinjaimon/gst_erp: business management software
dry-run: anjanakumari888135/ERP-Solutions-Small-Businesses: We also offer the industry’s widest variety of Microsoft-based ERP Solutions Small Business and technologies, without the complexity of multiple vendor relationships. We combine best industry practices and centralize them under one point of accountability, allowing us to deliver unparalleled efficiency and helping our customers gain the full benefit of Microsoft’s products. We have the experience, training and education to deliver world-class results. Let’s first define the term “generic ERP,” as it may falsely evoke negative connotations with some readers. For many people, these are ready, out-of-the-box solutions that are generally non-customizable. Made for all kinds of industries, they generally have little to no room for customization. However, one of the most obvious advantages of these “one fits all” solutions is their cost-effectiveness.
dry-run: rdcullen/SmallBusinessERP: Modular Web Based ERP System for Small Businesses
dry-run: AlRahman95/ERP-Business-Application: A Java console-based Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) business application. 
dry-run: matt-gomes/FrErp-Business-management: The FrErp is ERP for small business to control supplies    
dry-run: Lucas-bz/Business_Layer_ERP: Business Layer est un module contenant la logique métier de l'application: les entités métiers, les services web soap d’accès aux données 
dry-run: skuy99/erp-business-addresses-me: 
dry-run: its-software-services-onix/onix-business-erp-lib: 
dry-run: ShweSolutions/StockAndSale: Small ERP for Distribution Business
dry-run: RowinHernandez/sduy-erp: erp for sduy's business
dry-run: neversoftuk/MiniErp: Starter erp for small business
dry-run: kientranvn/paalen: CRM, ERP, Business Management Software
dry-run: rapidgrps/eagle-erp.github.io: A complete business solutions
dry-run: vivekkeshri/ERPGarments: ERP for Small & medium Scale Business Setup
dry-run: labane/Business360: ERP/MIS Software Suite that runs locally and extends to the cloud
dry-run: annaelsamwel/BusinessMaster: Is the online ERP. Changing the windows application to Web Application 
dry-run: jweb-mc/jweb-businessgestion: CRM&ERP para pequeña empresa desarrollado en laravel.
dry-run: mfa237/ERP-Software-for-Your-Business: 
dry-run: SahilSadhwani/ERP: An ERP software developed in PHP for the businesses to track activities and with GST implementation
dry-run: team-erp/erp: ERP is a customized weberp-based system specifically suited for Philippines small and medium business
dry-run: okky-merviusindo/erp: This project target market is small micro medium enterprises that engaged in retail business trading
dry-run: Disben/TinyERP: Open source ERP for small business
dry-run: okhosting/OKHOSTING.ERP: Manage everything on a small business
dry-run: damien-monni/monni-erp: Personal tool to manage my business
dry-run: GavinDong/QinerERP: Qiner Business Apps for SMB in China
dry-run: mgrigoriev/big_business_old: Starter ERP/CRM app written with Ruby on Rails
dry-run: dodosiz/ERPLight: A lightweight resource planner for small to middle businesses.
dry-run: cjl-sky/erpAdmin:  With the new ERP systems, this core business functionality is tightly integrated.
dry-run: svetakorn/ERPForYou: ERP-system for the manufacturing company of advertising samples (small business)
dry-run: eric-erki/scipio-erp: Your Online Business Kit - Build your own business applications. Create your own online shop. Customize to your own needs.
dry-run: VSasikanth/AI4ERP: Start Interacting With Your Business Applications
dry-run: global-erp-organisation/global-erp-delegate: Global erp business delegate layer API
dry-run: ohel/kerppi: A lightweight small business ERP software base.
dry-run: danielrhj/ECGroup: buy-sale business model, ERP system
dry-run: mohamedshalik/E-Tailoring: Web based ERP for small business units
dry-run: fabiomatavelli/millennium-python: SDK em python do ERP Millennium Business
dry-run: diagor/invento14: Add-on for Business.Net ERP Software
dry-run: starlest/PJNT: ERP System Customised for a Distribution Business
dry-run: jtrezza/odc: Open Source ERP for small business.
dry-run: nirmitleo/Business-School-ERP-Final-Year-Project-: ERP modules (for Kohinoor Business School) made as a part of BE Final Project
dry-run: rishirajbansal/Business-Intelligence-System-for-ERP-Application: Statistical Analysis represented in dashboards and interactive reports
dry-run: RihabBoubakri/Project-in-Business-Intelligence-ERP_ODOO-: 
dry-run: sudagar/jewelleryERP: One Solution to Maintain End to End business.
dry-run: rickycheers/SHARCK-ERP: A first aproach for a small business ERP
dry-run: RihabBoubakri/Project-in-Business-Intelligence-ERP-ODOO-: 
dry-run: attachaudhury/BusinessBook: BusinessBook is desktop/web erp built with Electronjs/Angular(frontend) and Express/Mongo(backend).  I am looking for contributors to take part in development
dry-run: Tally-Solutions/ERP-9: The leading business management and accounting software in the country
dry-run: paco666999/ERP_CRM: personal project to administrate my mom's small business
dry-run: peter-dinh/lab_erp: Building a website book-selling based on C2C business model
dry-run: theteam-team/the-erp: An EPR System for Medium Businesses and Start-Ups
dry-run: polypapps/simples-erp: A very simple system for very simple business
dry-run: Tragopoulos/AtERP: @ERP is a business process management software for small businesses that allows an organisation to use a system of integrated applications to manage the business and automate many back office functions related to technology, services and human resources.
dry-run: woakes070048/BUSINESSstack: BUSINESSstack - Highly integrated set of Open Source applications with myERP integration middleware creating one functioning ERP system
dry-run: victorcoimbra/go-react-erp: A simple ERP I use on my small business
dry-run: Rahul727/Health-ERP-Demo: Visualizations using SAP Lumira (Business Intelligence Software, same as Tableau)
dry-run: raaj124/Open-ERP-Software-Solutions-: Get Open ERP Software Solutions for Small Business 
dry-run: eric-erki/ERP-CMR-DMS: A business-level ERP with DMS and CRM
dry-run: PRATIK-JAISINGHANI/ERPSolution: Designing a product for small businesses - Using ASP.NET MVC 5 - Entity Framework Code First Approach
dry-run: akshay6820/BE-Project-Erp-: Business Monitoring Software using ERP .....BY Akshay Jadhav  
dry-run: Tragopoulos/AtERP_4_Mac: @ERP is a business process management software for small businesses that allows an organisation to use a system of integrated applications to manage the business and automate many back office functions related to technology, services and human resources.
dry-run: cosmos-digital/meteor-full: System ERP to emit invoices and administrate little or middle business.
dry-run: disflux/wyatt-erp: A Django powered SaaS manufacturing ERP system designed for small businesses.
dry-run: hasarinda/CeygateERP: CeygateERP is a suite of web based open source business apps.
dry-run: yeomann/ERP-js:  A reuseable ERP project for real-world business based on mainly, React, Redux & Loopback
dry-run: ClemsBusiAppSystems/clemsERPsys: Automated Business App Infrastructure Deployment, Build and Server-side Setup Based on User Preferences.
dry-run: leonardoBispo/PyERP: PyERP project is a web based ERP-CRM for small business.
dry-run: thethakuri/dolibarr: Dolibarr ERP - Open source erp and crm web software for business
dry-run: sumanthns96/Fusion-ERP: Fusion ERP is a business process management software that allows an organization to use a system of integrated applications to manage the business and automate many back office functions related to technology, services and human resources.
dry-run: AihemaitijiangYusufu/Brite_ERP_TestNGFramework: Brite_ERP system for startups , Solutions and Services that add real value to your business.
dry-run: shrikant9867/Dairy_Project_erpnext: Accounting ,assets,chart of account are included here and also contain business flow of system 
dry-run: pshepetko/org.idempiere.tms: Transport Management Plugin for iDempiere ERP Business Suite
dry-run: CAccountant/CodingAccountantERP: A Business Application created as part of the series of Building Your Own ERP (#BYOERP)
dry-run: rsvasanth/Auroerp: Open-Source ERP for Small and Medium Business
dry-run: EZ-RP/ezrp: A free ERP solution for small to medium businesses
dry-run: TobiHatti/EasRP: Fully featured ERP-System for small projects or businesses
dry-run: carterfawson/GLonline: SAAS general ledger and small business ERP system Django application
dry-run: gustavoilhamorais/cdcManager-dev: ERP designed to help Beer-Men and they business.
dry-run: aokihu/flowerp: This project is aim to small business ERP
dry-run: prismify/oc-erp-plugin: WIP / A robust enterprise resource planning solution for your growing business.
dry-run: oswin2/B2B-Email-Experts: Smart Cloud Based ERP Modules |Business Growth | B2B Email Experts
dry-run: datil/link-windows: Sync business data between Datil and your ERP
dry-run: davefogo/ideapp: A ERP application for small to mid-size businesses.
dry-run: pshepetko/org.idempiere.mfg: Libero Manufacturing Plugin for iDempiere ERP Business Suite
dry-run: coderhs/learnerp: Learnerp an SMS based erp for business terms
dry-run: MNHarun/dolibarr: Open Source ERP & CRM for Business (sme, freelance, foundations...)
dry-run: tavaresLR/ETL: ETL Codes for business ERP's or routines.
dry-run: wfbraga/orecopa: A Rub on Rails ERP+Online catalog for small business
dry-run: davefogo-zz/ideapp: A ERP application for small to mid-size businesses.
dry-run: haroonhayaz/trackit: A simple ERP for small and meduim scale business
dry-run: mark-de-froze/autocompany.markdefroze.com: Simple ERP system for middle business from area auto service
dry-run: pshepetko/org.idempiere.cashforecasting: Cash Forecasting Plugin for iDempiere ERP Business Suite
dry-run: hmojicag/citalinx: A new and fresh ERP for small business.
dry-run: paran0ids0ul/bizwebsys: An integrated ERP/webmail/cloud system designed for small businesses.
dry-run: Abrawat18/ERP-System: Implemented human resource and business intelligence modules as a part of ERP system using Java Spring Boot and MySQL.
dry-run: verpseo/ERP-software-in-india: VERP is a complete Customized ERP Software, Top ERP Packages, ERP packages for business solution designed to support multiple ERP Packages Accounting Software, ERP for Automobiles , ERP for Manufacturers, ERP for production, ERP Packages Software, ERP Online Packages , ERP Packages for small business , Top ERP Packages for database to maintain an  operating system by showing you our ERP Demo. We based on ERP Kolkata. Contact us today for ERP Packages.
dry-run: Escodoo/company: Escodoo Sistemas ERP & CRM
dry-run: shrikrishna96/ERP_ORACLE_DATABASE_READING_WRITING: simple small scale erp solution for small business to create datasheet simple using oracle SQL
dry-run: StrategicERP1/What-is-best-ERP: Explore the 6 ingredients that make ERP the best one to go live in your business. Best ERP, having these six factors, works like six-sigma which streamlines, speed up your business process and bring productivity consistently. The ever-efficient factors of best ERP facilitates automation and creates modern approach in managing the whole business.
dry-run: Oscar-Tark/Amatrix-ERP: An ERP for small businesses including filesharing, accounting, managment such as HR, logistics, product managment etc.. [Beware of the bad code! it was my first project]
dry-run: manaschaturvedi/business_analytical_tool: This is a web-based ERP system developed for a Mumbai-based software enterprise, thereby helping them make better business decisions.
dry-run: denis-onsare/simpleErp: simple ERP system for small and medium sized businesses. This project will use react on the frontend and nodejs and express on the backend 
dry-run: hnv-tech/laravel-erpapp: Enterprise Resource Planning application using Laravel framework, the integrated management of main business processes, often in real-time and mediated by software and technology
dry-run: sunsmartglobal/ERP-Software-: ERP Software from SunSmart Global is an efficient business software that helps your organization used to collect, store, manage and interpret the data from many business activities such as manufacturing, inventory management, shipping and payment etc.,  Our ERP Software gives you a real time snapshots of your business to make better, faster decisions regarding your business.  With SunSmart’s ERP Software accelerate business cycles, improve productivity and reliability and provides superior service to customers, suppliers and partners.  Our ERP Software is deployed across multiple verticals such as Manufacturing, Pharmaceuticals, Trading, Electricals, Engineering, Distribution etc.,  Our SunSmart established this service since 2005 and customers got satisfied with our services.  For more details, visit our website @ http://sunsmartglobal.com/erp-enterprise-resource-planning-dubai-uae-qatar-usa-london.aspx
dry-run: krsoninikhil/shop-counter: A Minimal And Highly Flexible ERP Solution For Small And Medium Businesses
dry-run: frincon/openeos: OpenEOS aims to be an Enterprise Operating System. OpenEOS is a project that tries to bring together all Open Source technologies involved to make a modular applications for Business like ERP or CRM. Simultaniously, the projects wants to make an Open Source ERP to be used by small, medium and large companies.
dry-run: SyedMashhood/ERP-Enterprise-Resource-Planning: Enterprise resource planning is the integrated management of core business processes, often in real-time and mediated by software and technology
dry-run: PrimaveraBSS/Primavera-ERP-8.5: This source code is property of PRIMAVERA Business Software Solutions, S.A. and is published under the terms of fair use and criticism.
dry-run: Acumatica/AcumaticaErpInSalesforce: The repository contains sample projects that can be used to make Acumatica ERP business entities like Sales Orders or Invoices  available in Salesforce.com organization
dry-run: techclouderp/cloud-erp-software: Tech Cloud ERP is the best Cloud based ERP Software in India which provides a perfect ERP Software for Manufacturing and trading business. The unique features of Tech Cloud ERP software help all the business processes easier and reap various benefits.
dry-run: jagan25/SUPERMARKET-ERP: An Web based solution for ERP used for billing and business and sales analysis was developed with PHP for a chain of supermarkets. It also includes graphs to compare sales and take measures accordingly.
dry-run: Camfel/simpleERP: This is a project to make a simple ERP system that a small business could use. It is coded in Java and gui is made using Window Builder Pro.
dry-run: narangkishore98/BERP-Project: The BERP (Bikloo Enterprise Resource Planning) is a Course Project for MAD3115 for semester 1 in Lambton College of Toronto. This project is made with the contribution of Das Tarlochan Singh and Nikhil Thakur (Links available in Contributors) . We as a team came up with an idea to make ERPs for the small scale businesses which can work on their own mobile phones or tablets. This is just to demonstrate one phase of the complete project. 
dry-run: ShahirZain/BASIC-ERP-Package-in-C-: ERP- Enterprise Resource Planning is the integrated management of core business processes, often in real-time and mediated by software and technology
dry-run: jelastic-jps/odoo: Odoo: all-in-one business management software (ERP, CMS, CRM application, e-Commerce backend, etc)
dry-run: sharmavineet961/Enterprise-Resource-Planning-ERP: Client - OCL India Ltd, Description - The ERPO OCL is an ERP system aimed to integrate and automate many of the business practices associated with the operations or production aspects of OCL
dry-run: Mananp96/Enterprise-Monitoring-Agent-ERP: “Enterprise Monitoring Agent” is a ERP based Web Application for small and medium companies that need to automate processes, connect employees, and gain business insight when they need it. Get the tools you need to manage products, orders, customers, finances, and operations. Owner can get into the business to need to reduce costs, stay in compliance, deliver value to your customers, and effectively manage growth. Its a ERP based system made with J2EE spring framework.
dry-run: bg-shishir/ERP_Solution_Java_JDBC_MySQL: A System To help customers to efficiently manage Business Processes and automate various back office functions. Built using Java (Eclipse), JDBC, MySQL and JasperReports 
dry-run: ravinderpayal/MandiSoft: An opensource web based erp project for sending business of local retailer directly to cloud from registers and books. It is opensource but name of root developer and main contributors should be mentioned on front web page of project. Source Code written on top of CodeIgniter
dry-run: raygao/RaysCruiserDemo: Ruby, Salesforce, ERP (Spring) => End-to-End Enterprise Integration example with real business use case.
dry-run: pratikdimble/Executive_ERP: Executive ERP System is a solution that reflects the best practices for this industry. These solutions are designed for fast effective implementations. By integrating and standardizing business processes across your entire enterprise, you can focus on making, selling and supporting your products instead of wasting time and effort just trying to keep up.
dry-run: renatosans/OSIaddon: Addon de outsourcing de impressão para o ERP SAP Business One
dry-run: multai1/ERP-Software-and-CRM-Service-Providers---MULTAI: Enterprise resource planning systems (ERP) “is a category of business-management software—typically a suite of integrated applications—that an organization can use to collect, store, manage and interpret data from many business activities, including product planning, cost, manufacturing or service delivery, marketing and sales, inventory management, shipping, and payment”.
dry-run: dredzz909/odoo-vs-sugarcrm: sugarcrm is one of top crm software and mostly odoo used for erp business purposes
dry-run: PavelJland/Node.js-SaaS: Prototype CRM ERP. Storage and client orders managment. Easy to edit models to any business
dry-run: andrecoetzee/accounting-123.com: ACTUAL SOURCE for:: Web Based Advanced, Stable and Mature Accounting, ERP, Payroll and Business system
dry-run: xepan/ai: Artificial Intelligence - Business process intelligence for Xavoc ERP / CRM (XEC) Previously known as xEAPN
dry-run: aprilboy8434/cost_benefit_analysis: ERP bulid from odoo use for small business (Coffee cafe, Bakery shop)
dry-run: dobusiness/micropymes: Microservices based Open Source ERP System to small and medium business.
dry-run: Azimul-Haque/beparee: Beparee [Codename] is an easy-to-use erp for small and medium business.
dry-run: sameermth/majorProject: My Major Project, A lite erp solution to manage small business.
dry-run: bijousoft/bijou: Python framework for business applications contains ERP , CRM , HRM , MRP , POS and many more
dry-run: flakerimi/Zeiterfassung: Durchgängige Business ERP Software für KMU aus Produktion, Handel und Dienstleistung.
dry-run: marcoaguilar/HappyDirector: HappyDirector is an ERP and business tools software for BNI Franchises.
dry-run: rikdev89/Business-Decision-Modeling: Performed risk and sensitivity analysis using Monte-Carlo Simulation models.  Built and ran an optimization model for a manufacturing company using ASP and Excel Solver to determine if the company needs to invest on a new ERP/CRM system. Visualized business findings on Tableau to represent data using dashboards and data stories to present to the business.
dry-run: cropsoftca/ERP-Software:   Inherent Enterprise Software And ERP Software Flaws ERP software was intended to maintain your whole business. ERP software has an expansive particular impression with the right level of usefulness and highlights required by small business.  One of the issues we see with all or most ERP Software is that information is exceptionally embed into the center of the ERP (The ETL abilities). Constrained ETL process capacities confine the value of utilizing ongoing information to aid basic leadership.  This one issue makes numerous issues inside the software itself. Issues, for example, absence of work process, inordinate programming and IT contribution for minor setup changes, absence of good UI plan (despite the fact that this is beginning to show signs of improvement), the failure to take a gander at information and make reports from existing information inside the ERP.    Absence of joint effort capacities (additionally getting to be known as social) is missing from current ERP frameworks. While a few merchants have made considerable     changes in convenience; joint effort and information mining from an ERP is as yet troublesome alongside work processes, notice forms and so on.  The popular expressions of ACMPR Application which suggests joint effort from both inward andoutside sources are beginning to crawl into ERP software design now. How ACMPR Regulations has abandoned appropriate cooperation apparatuses that offers enterprise information is almost bizarre considering what ERP was made for; to maintain your whole business.    Enterprise software merchants are tending to these defects by evolving engineering, tending to ease of use and utility, including work process capacities for BPM, extra BI capacities for information warehousing, simpler design capacities and the capacity to oversee business change are on the whole zones where these arrangements are making headways. Visit:https://www.cropsoft.ca/home
dry-run: kajuu1/Role-of-integration-ERP-in-Ecommerce.-: ERP integration plays a important role in E-commerce business it helps in growth of business and generate more revenue. most popular ERP integration pattern are migration, broadcast, agregation, correlation. E-Commerce ERP integration allows you to easily account for new orders and fulfill them , customers automatically get notify  when orders have been shipped and allow them to track the delivery of products. Products and pricing can be managed from one place.The.ERP stands for “enterprise resource planning".
dry-run: acg-infotech-limited/erp-crm-developmnet-company: ACG Infotech Ltd. (ACGIL) is one of the top ERP and CRM solution provider company in India with globally recognized   for web based   business software solutions such as web based ERP, CRM solution, Hospital Management System (HMS), cloud ERP solutions for manufacturers, traders, retailers, distributors, E-commerce website portal design & development.  
dry-run: ACGIL/Web-Based-ERP: Find the customized and flexible online ERP software to streamline your business processes. It offers real-time information about finance, order management, purchase, inventory, employee management, e-commerce and much more. Our online ERP software use a browser to access a software application over the Internet to perform work.  
dry-run: wbcseoworker/SAP-Business-By-Design:  SAP Business By Design is a cloud-based ERP framework intended for the center and upper scope of the SME Market, just as for backups of substantial endeavors in a Two-level ERP situation. It incorporates coordinated parts for financials, promoting, deals, administrations, HR, assembling, arranging and control of the store network, vital and operational obtaining, and consistency, as indicated by SAP. SAP Business By Design initially appeared in September of 2007.   SAP Business By Design has been running on the SAP HANA cloud stage since February 2014, implying that both the database and the majority of the applications currently keep running on the SAP HANA in-memory database.   Charging depends on an estimating model, as indicated by SAP, which involves a fixed cost for the establishment, and an extra expense for every client, which covers things like administration, upkeep, facilitating and support 
dry-run: juliavins001/ERP-Software: Companies are increasingly moving to an automated business management system to enhance productivity. Ensuring faster customer response is another big reason behind the current growth of ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) trends. If you are considering to turn your manual management into the automated system, it's the right time! Implementing ERP software isn't so easy since there are thousands of solutions out there. Before executing an ERP software you should consider some certain facts. First and foremost thing is to understand your needs and finalize the key objectives. If you fail to understand your requirements, it's sure you wouldn't be able to select the best one.
dry-run: Answergen/Tally-ERP-Integration: Answergen tool has been approved by Tally ERP as their ISV partner for Business Intelligence Reporting requirements. Answergen BI has developed an ETL tool exclusively for Tally, so that Tally users can directly migrate the data from Tally to Answergen using this tool. A step by step guide for running this tool can be downloaded here. The exe file for this tool can be provided to existing Tally users can be downloaded here, upon request.
dry-run: invisserver/invisAD-setup: invis servers are Active Directory based servers for small and micro-enterprises based on openSUSE Linux. They offer comprehensive services in terms of office automation, network organization and data management - from DHCP to ERP.  They are characterized by their ease of use and administration. The project aims to micro and small businesses, with the opportunity, administrative activities such as network integration of new PCs and printers without any IT-skills, as well as IT service providers to give a system for simple building complete server appliances for the small business sector to the hand.
dry-run: gecoerp/gecoerp: Software de Código Abierto ERP, MRP, HRP y CRM - Forked From Odoo 11
dry-run: Spruton/Spruton-core: Open-source web based Business Management Software for companies of all sizes.
dry-run: kenfackFlavy/TB_AutoApprentissageDansUnERP: In my final year in business informatics, I have a bachelor's thesis to validate. My thesis is "L'auto apprentissage dans un ERP". In order to be able to work as well as possible, I decided to create a project that will gather all the data and information I need.
dry-run: curiousrubik/Netsuite-Implementation: CuriousRubik Leading NetSuite Implementation Partners, NetSuite Solution Provider, NetSuite Cloud ERP, CRM Implementation business management software companies
dry-run: eSankalp/AccountingERP: Web based system helps you to keep records online rather than keeping in pen and paper. It Helps you to generate and view reports on go rather than taking prints and regenerate reports many times. 1. Customer Management: Create customers with all necessary details. In a single view Quotes, Invoices and Payments related to particular customers can be seen. 2. Stock Management: Create products with Product Name, Code and other necessary details etc. which will make easier to create quote very quickly and efficiently. 3. Quote Management: Create Quote for specific customer with necessary details with option to Download PDF or Send customers directly without login in to your mail 4. Invoice Management: Create Invoice for specific customer with necessary details with option to Download PDF or Send customers directly without login in to your mail 5. Payment Management: Track received and pending payments from Customers Invoice wise 6. Order Generation: Generate Order Receipt for customer order in Industry / Business 7. Auto SMS: Send Auto SMS to Customer After generating Order, Invoice, On his birthday.  8. Report Generation: Generate reports for Invoice Aging, Payment History, Sales by Client and Sales by Date - GSTR1 (B2B, B2CS)
dry-run: andrecoetzee/Accounting-123: EASY INSTALL SCRIPTS LINUX for:: Web Based Advanced, Stable and Mature Accounting, ERP, Payroll and Business system
dry-run: isbitexchange/istax: ERP to help fintech business in Mexico operating with multiple currencies and digital assets, comply with authorities such as SAT
dry-run: curiousrubik/Implementationservices: CuriousRubik Leading NetSuite Implementation Partners, NetSuite Solution Provider, NetSuite Cloud ERP, CRM Implementation business management software companies
dry-run: berkaayydemir/TrackingProducts-ENG: A simple ERP system for small businesses. Inventory tracking control, current analysis, invoice, delivery note, order processing, reporting.
dry-run: nicolasmarcos/Monografia-IMPLANTACAO-ERP-CIGAM-NA-GESTAO-DE-SERVICOS-DE-SISTEMAS-DE-INFORMACAO: This document provides a study on the implementation of an ERP’s service management module, comprising methodologies and enabling interaction with other related business areas.
dry-run: Jake-Oandasan/Jk-Accounting-Software: An accounting software project as a hobby and a product of my in-depth research on technologies combined with rich experienced in business processes such as in Payroll and ERP.
dry-run: invisserver/invis-setup: invis servers are servers for small and micro-enterprises based on openSUSE Linux. They offer comprehensive services in terms of office automation, network organization and data management - from DHCP to ERP.  They are characterized by their ease of use and administration. The project aims to micro and small businesses, with the opportunity, administrative activities such as network integration of new PCs and printers without any IT-skills, as well as IT service providers to give a system for simple building complete server appliances for the small business sector to the hand.
dry-run: curiousrubik/Netsuitepartner: CuriousRubik Leading NetSuite Partners, NetSuite Solution Provider, NetSuite Cloud ERP, CRM business management software companies, We are NetSuite consulting experts can implement CRM ERP and eCommerce in Singapore, New York USA, Sydney Australia
dry-run: curiousrubik/netsuitepartners: CuriousRubik Leading NetSuite Partners, NetSuite Solution Provider Singapore NetSuite Cloud ERP, CRM business management software companies, We are NetSuite consulting experts can implement CRM ERP and eCommerce in Singapore
dry-run: verpseo/Siddhartha-Dikshit: VERP have created the web-based ERP software, by enabling ERP Packages to your company and related resources increase your business value by adding ultimate growth and prosperity to your enterprise. Our main aim is the use of information technology, web technology and web-media in opening new opportunities for our clients for their everlasting effect on the market through our Top ERP Packages. Our main resources are Customized ERP software, ERP for Automobiles, ERP for Manufacturers, ERP for production and use of advanced and cutting edge technology.  We aim at Customized ERP software, which will open new possibilities for our customers and allow them to work effectively and creatively in wide range like ERP for automobiles, ERP for production, ERP for manufacturers. Our objects are people, clients and quality. We believe that the most valuable resource we possess is our people.
dry-run: tksilicon/topazerp: Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) application suitable for small business. Sales and invoicing, Warehouse and stock management, accounting and Administration. This is the sales interface, 
dry-run: Mrwu565/bos: BOS(Business Operating System)业务操作系统.BOS是ERP的集成与应用平台。
dry-run: Persephone-Taylor/Introduction: Enterprise resource planning (ERP) is the integrated management of main business processes, often in real-time and mediated by software and technology. 
dry-run: curiousrubik/netsuitesingpare:  NetSuite Partner Netsuite Solution Provider CuriousRubik Leading NetSuite Global Partner leading cloud ERP CRM business management software for companies in Singapore,NewYork,Sydney
dry-run: xenontech/Xenon-Plus-Software: Business ERP Software 4 Supermarkets, Mobiles / Computers / Electronics / FMCG Dealers, Retailers / Wholesalers / Manufacturers,  Automobile / Spare Parts / Book Shops, Bakeries, Grain Market,  Pesticide
dry-run: KasorSoft/AppsyS: Kasor AppsyS is a web/mobile plate-form for an ERP/CMS set of business applications for SME.  Aimed to be easyly adapted to various industries. 
dry-run: EitanBlumin/CRUDE-NET: CRUD Rapid Application Generator in ASP.NET Core and SQL Server Database. Ideal for line of business application development and simple ERP or CRM apps.
dry-run: steffenkamphoff/steffenkamphoff: iSytems focuses on SAP consultation , implementing SAP HANA server , network management at all levels providing with the best integration solutions for your ERP.  We boost your business with the professional ,  individual network and server technology as well as the perfect software and ERP solution just optimized on your personal business needs.  
dry-run: ImDNayak/Protogenist: Protogenist providing Software Consulting, Business Process Outsourcing, Product and Web Applications Development, New product development, Web Solutions, Enterprise Application Development, Business Intelligence, Technology Practices, Application Management, Business Practices, Consulting Services, CMS Service, Workflow Solutions, SEO services and ERP Solutions across the globe | Technology touches Excellence
dry-run: GroCRM/GroCRM.php: Mac CRM platform your team will love and thats easy to use! Built exclusively for iPhone, iPad and Apple business market. Use our PHP SDK to connect with the Gro CRM REST API.
dry-run: mohamedshalik/E-TailoringSystem: This is my idea to address all the small business units to use ERP with best customer satisfaction through online. This project make use of HTML, CSS, Java Script, PHP and Database(phpmysql) technology  
dry-run: tevinmoodley/bms: A desktop application for handling various common ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) aspects of a business such as operations, human resources, project management, quoting, invoicing, task management, attendance, compliance and accounting. Project originally forked from https://github.com/hql287/Manta.
dry-run: Sharath221/F24M-Docs: Office Management Summary  Web and App Development Module  Material Management  and Inventory Management  Data to Sync Between ERP and Website  Business Objective and Goal  Man Power and Estimation cost(Primary)
dry-run: paulinakanime/Paulina: A self-driven and motivated Information Technologist student, I offer exceptional skills in IT, Specifically in Website design, Business analysis, Databases, helpdesk support, project management, and use of ERP/MIS.
dry-run: daniel7262/daniel-cliff: Chloros Technologies was set up by passionate experienced and professional personals with an endeavor to offer high indentation complete range of Data Mining & Warehousing, ERP, CRM, web solution services and Business Intelligence across the globe at very reasonable rates.
dry-run: fabiagam/beanworks-sync-tool: A user-friendly sync solution app for Beanworks AP Automation Solutions, that imports business accounting data such as (invoices,accounts etc) from Xero ERP Cloud using React, GraphQL, Apollo Client, NodeJS and MongoDB.
dry-run: Sampi555/Sam-pi: Techloyce proud to offer our valued customers all CRM and ERP consulting services in the best possible way. Our firm's holistic ERP Consultant is tailored to provide you maximum business management benefits worldwide. Our firm don’t lame; we do work with a guarantee.
dry-run: hariads/PDF-DATA-TABLE-EXTRACTOR: We are developing an Activity that takes tabular data in PDF to data table to help enterprise business to leverage their data in PDF to support there ERP, CRM or Big Data initiatives
dry-run: daniel7262/internet-marketing: Chloros Technologies was set up by passionate experienced and professional personals with an endeavor to offer high indentation complete range of Data Mining & Warehousing, ERP, CRM, web solution services and Business Intelligence across the globe at very reasonable rates.
dry-run: techclouderp/techclouderp: Our Tech Cloud ERP is an enterprise-wide information system that facilitates the flow of information and coordinates all resources and activities within the business organization. Of all the software an organization can deploy, Tech Cloud ERP has potentially the most direct impact on reducing costs. Our Tech Cloud ERP software integrates all business processes including inventory, manufacturing, sales and marketing, purchase, human resources, asset management, plant maintenance, quality control, and finance. We aim at providing full-fledged services to the clients focusing on long-term relationship and value-added services.
dry-run: oscam15/Engineer-Thesis-Project: ERP Basis System for Touristic Transportation Rental Businesses to help them to work efficient and coordinated, made individually using SCRUM starting from analyzing the different processes some business-related use, to design a unified process, applying SOA, SaaS, three layers, MVC and Single Page Application, developed on PHP with phpStorm and MySQL, on the backend an Apache Server, on the frontend AJAX, jQuery, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, versioning on Git.
dry-run: dasm61573/-Maven-Infotech-Pvt-Ltd-Reviews-Kolkata: Maven Infotech, founded by Mr. Mayur Agarwal, is one of the fastest growing companies in India. It primarily deals with business in e-commerce, ERP Development, Software and Hardware Maintenance, Data Mining, Research and Analytics, Inbound and Outbound Sales and Internet marketing through Business Directory Listings. We are among the leading business development consultants operating with average annual earnings in excess of $16 million. Maven Infotech Pvt Ltd is the flagship company with a significant global presence, along with recognition of being among the top ITES companies.
dry-run: dataxalabs/iDempiere-fr: iDempiere Business Suite ERP/CRM/SCM done the community way. Focus is on the Community that includes Subject Matter Specialists, Implementors and End-Users. iDempiere is based on original Compiere/Adempiere plus a new architecture to use state-of-the-art technologies like OSGi, Buckminster, zk.
dry-run: Robynsounthar/Trinity-Cloud-Company: Trinity Cloud Company is an information technology services provider and solutions integrator.  We help our clients optimize their business through technology by offering consulting and solutions for enterprise, engineering and resources.  Our Certified Consultants work with Microsoft, Oracle, IBM and SAP, providing vendor neutral solutions in Content Management & Collaboration (CMS); Customer Relationship Management (CRM) and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Trinity Cloud Infrastructure Solutions
dry-run: Unified11/Enterprise-Application-Services-: We help you find the right balance between features, powerful tools and innovative reporting and the best fit solution. Ampcus provides effective ERP capabilities such as MRP, MES, product or service lifecycle management, supplier and offers chain management, business intelligence, and CRM functions. Our vastly talented experts can help you to choose Oracle, PeopleSoft, SAP or Microsoft Dynamics as your preferred solution.
dry-run: Aufin/ledger-smb: Description LedgerSMB is an ERP, featuring accounting (including AR, AP, and GL), quotation and order management, and more, for businesses with small to medium transaction volumes. The system has been shown to easily handle thousands of AR/AP transactions per week.
dry-run: OpenEshore/Open-source-development: As an Expert Open Source Developer, we offer Open Source Solutions like building feature rich content management systems, e-commerce applications, customer relationship management systems, ERP applications, online stores, shopping carts, online communities, blogs and forums. We aim to offer holistic open source customization solutions that will allow you to easily expand your business without any complexities.  http://www.openeshore.com
dry-run: rkayx2/cuddly-pharmaseek-bi: A business intelligence project created for academical purposes as a reconception of a pharmaceutical ERP-like application. The project workflow included the overall data exploitation process from data collection, ETL process, datawarehouse creation to the development and deployment of the end to end solution.
dry-run: Dynproindia123/Staffing-solutions-in-India-Enterprise-Solutions: Leave Your IT Needs To Us! From need assessments to implementation, DynPro india is a one stop solution center to any software company’s IT challenges. From consulting to Smart customer relationship management (CRM), Collaboration and Business Intellengence (BI) solutions, SAP Solutions from ERP to Applications Management, companies can trust DynPro india to provide comprehensive expertise in time and on budget.Since 1996, DynPro india has continuously supported people, processes, and technologies at organizations in United States of America, United Kingdom, and India. We understanding client needs like. software project management, enterprise resource planning, erp solution providers in india, IT Training consultancy . 
dry-run: Bushrakdenkinger/Hiring-SAP-Logistics-at-StakTec-GmbH-Eligible-Work-permit-Blue-card-EU-Citizen-Only: Requirements... Comprehensive support of the SAP ERP modules of logistics, especially the SAP SD Independent support and development of the responsible systems and modules Advising users and departments on the introduction of IT-supported processes Development of standardized images of Company business processes in the systems used  Further development and securing of the developed standards Independent analysis of user and system errors Collaboration on the introduction of additional ERP systems and processes worldwide (Partial) project management of SAP and ERP projects worldwide Cross-module 1st and 2nd level support SAP Europe Cross-Module 2nd Level Support SAP America and Asia Troubleshooting Supervisor and contact person for employees and external with regard to subject-specific concerns Ensuring the reporting, including the creation of documentation   Apply to Bushra@staktec.de ) 
dry-run: ritaraapps/ritaraapps: RiTara Software Pvt Ltd is a software development company based in Noida, India. We actively participate in the development / implementation of solutions for our esteemed clients, which highly increases the efficiency of their business process. We have very strong team of 50+ developers with experiences in development of Web Applications, Desktop Applications and Mobile Applications on CRM, ERP, e-commerce domains, Dating, Chatting, Job Portal, Travelling Static & Non Static Websites etc.
dry-run: consultant14/Global-online-trainings: SAP MM Training is one of the most important SAP Modules where MM stands for Materials Management. SAP ERP is most widely used business software offerings by SAP. It is having the Modular structure to have a unique blend of Specialised Processes controls in respective Modules or domains along with integration with other domains/modules. SAP MM Training is one of the most used modules which represents Procurement Processes and Inventory Management process.
dry-run: consultant14/SAP-MM: SAP MM Training is one of the most important SAP Modules where MM stands for Materials Management. SAP ERP is most widely used business software offerings by SAP. It is having the Modular structure to have a unique blend of Specialised Processes controls in respective Modules or domains along with integration with other domains/modules. SAP MM Training is one of the most used modules which represents Procurement Processes and Inventory Management process.
dry-run: anniemarlson09/Internet-marketing-training-in-Chennai: Mangla solution has more and more entered in all-round exchange with web designing, web development , seo services and seo training with placement. We tend to area unit termed with in a position consultants to beforehand our credits in business. We tend to activity our account from roots of SEO (Search Engine Optimization), and training programs, Domain Registration, ERP software system, Casting Promoting. Visit us@ http://goo.gl/BTMVYC
dry-run: SAPGlobe/SAP-Material-Management-and-How-to-Use--:  SAP Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) is a business software that integrates all the knowledge in a separate software, considering various factors such as time and cost. Corporations can easily meet their business requirements with the help of SAP.  SAP Business Process:- SAP MM is the small form for SAP Material Management system. The roles of SAP MM(Material Management) in a business process are as follows: • It supports all aspects of MM (planning, control, etc.). • A business method in SAP is termed as a “module”. • It is the backbone of logistics that incorporates modules such as SD, PP, PM, PS, and WM • SAP MM is a part of logistics purposes and it helps in handling the obtainment activities of an    organization. Features of SAP MM:- The features of an SAP MM system are as follows: • It deals with those Procurement Process, Master Data, Account Measurement & Estimate of Material, Inventory Management, Invoice Verification, Material Requirement Planning, etc. • It deals with managing the material and resources of an industry with the aim of hastening productivity and defeating costs. At the same time, Systems Applications Products Material Management is quite able to help changes that are common in any business environment. • MM (Material Management) as a method ensures no deficiency of materials or any gaps in the quantity string process of the business. SAP MM speeds up the procurement and Material Management movements, making the business run easily with complete time and cost efficiency. • Systems Applications Products Material Management is one of the modules of SAP that deals with MM and inventory management
dry-run: HexaOne/Projects: Hexaone Solutions Oracle Partner Company,ISO Certified 9001:2015 Aus-NZ. We Provide Cost Effective Solutions with JD Edwards Projects,Integrations and Mobile Application.  Specialist in JD Edwards Implementation , Upgrade,Migration-Roll-Out, 3rd Party Integrations & Support Projects.  We are 12 Years of Experienced in Delivering Projects Globally having more than 70+ Consultants Highly expertise in JD Edwards Technical,Functional & CNC (Admin).  We Work on Offshore/Onsite Model For Delivering Projects : Technical ,Functional & CNC.  Business Services integration With any 3rd Party Software ( BSSV).  Our Products : 1) HR & Payroll Integrated with Any ERP 2) POS ( Point of Sale ) Product Integrate with Any ERP 3) Mobile App With Website Framework.   Connect with us : +91 7021217044 / 022 49706077
dry-run: HexaOne/Sales: Hexaone Solutions Oracle Partner Company,ISO Certified 9001:2015 Aus-NZ. We Provide Cost Effective Solutions with JD Edwards Projects,Integrations and Mobile Application.  Specialist in JD Edwards Implementation , Upgrade,Migration-Roll-Out, 3rd Party Integrations & Support Projects.  We are 12 Years of Experienced in Delivering Projects Globally having more than 70+ Consultants Highly expertise in JD Edwards Technical,Functional & CNC (Admin).  We Work on Offshore/Onsite Model For Delivering Projects : Technical ,Functional & CNC.  Business Services integration With any 3rd Party Software ( BSSV).  Our Products : 1) HR & Payroll Integrated with Any ERP 2) POS ( Point of Sale ) Product Integrate with Any ERP 3) Mobile App With Website Framework.   Connect with us : +91 7021217044 / 022 49706077
dry-run: Learnittraining/Learn-It-Training-S4-HANA-SAP-Simple-Finance-All-SAP-courses: Whether you’re an SAP professional, developer, consultant, entrepreneur, professor or student you can keep up to date with the latest innovations from SAP at your availability with online classes. Learn IT Training is a dynamic e-learning podium which provides you virtual environment with effective online learning experience by industry experts across India,USA,Canada,Australia,UAE& UK.We impart technology  which takes you to improved performance and focus on growth and innovation. Run Simple In a Digital World with SAP S4 HANA SAP S4 HANA: SAP built a new, intelligent ERP solution in a digital core of entire business. It is a real-time enterprise resource management suite for digital business.It is a industry leading enterprise cloud to shorten time-to-value and deploy a digital core. SAP S/4HANA supports the Internet of Things (IoT), Big Data, real-time analytics, mobile, business networks, third-party systems, and more.Through SAP HANA one can experience through supporting  3000+ databases under management. Did You Know? SAP S/4HANA Simple Finance is a combination of SAP Accounting powered by SAP HANA, SAP Cash Management and SAP Integrated Business Planning (IP, BPC and embedded BW) for Finance and also includes additional innovations in the areas of Treasury and Financial Risk Management, Collaborative Finance Operations and more Some industry solutions and SAP ERP add-ons are not fully compatible with SAP Simple Finance, like Asset Accounting (FI-AA). Carefully assess compatibility with other components in your landscape. SAP® S/4HANA embedded analytics is the collection of all analytics features integrated in the SAP S/4HANA suite that enables business users, business analysts, and IT to perform real-time process analytics.  Training Plan  Duration: 25 Working Days (Monday to Friday)  Timings: Daily 1 Hour to 2 Hours Based on Topic of the dayDate wise schedule will be issued once Registration is conform Recordings: Daily topic wise recording will be sent in 24 hours  Practice materials: Daily topic wise Materials will be sent in 24 hours   Highlights Of SAP S4 HANA Online Training: The latest version of SAP S4 HANA cloud go with innovations in digital transformation across different lines of business and increase efficiency and made it simple. Increase revenue, profit, and market share Integrated  quality management Production planning and detailed scheduling and extended warehouse management within  the digital core to simplify your landscape High insights and expected analytics Drive real time decision making …..and more   Curricula Of Online Course: SAP S/4HANA Introduction  SAP S/4HANA Implementation and Administration SAP S/4HANA Programming SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management SAP S/4HANA Analytics
dry-run: IPRInc/I-PR-: I-PR company combine strategy with design and development to help our clients build successful businesses.   We craft a product strategy that helps your web&mobile application surpass the competition and return investments.  We specializes in web development, mobile application development, design services and e-commerce development.   Our technical and creative professionals have designed a lot of projects in various fields, namely in business, social and entertainment spheres. Work principles underlying the activities of the company are the foundation that let us find the best solutions for our customers; Use the advanced and innovative technologies in our work; promote professionalism and personal growth of our employees.   Our technologies CMS Wordpress, Bitrix, Opencart, Prestashop, frameworks Laravel, Yii2. Have experience for connection websites with ERP system, like SAP, Cloud services, SaaS.  Founded: 2012
dry-run: TechnogiqIT/Technogiq-IT-Solutions: Technogiq IT Solutions is the leading IT Consulting and business outsourcing company that offers software solutions. We developed Software for better services and solutions and follow a fast process like agile software development & waterfall model. We have a team with extensive skills and technologies that represent industry-wide. We offer a extensive range of Software solutions services to satisfy IT-related challenges that our customers face. We knit closely with the clients to deliver high-quality solutions with the latest technologies such as Blockchain Development, Cloud Computing, IoT development, ERP Solutions and Augmented Reality. With the solutions provided by our professionals, our vision is to help our clients always reach new heights.
dry-run: Bhagavanr/Cox-and-Kings: Travel ERP is a Booking Engine which can be prepared as an atomic place for doing bookings of Air and Non-Air transportation, Hotels, Sightseeing, cruise like totally 10 modules. It’s a fully automated booking system where the user can get the details of availability and fares from online mechanism through GDS and Private Database. The system provides the facility to setup the product, company, client and supplier based on the contract policies and also concentrates different business models like B2B, B2C etc.
dry-run: bamakant/Bazaar-A-Expense-manager-Android-App: This was my first app that I had developed for my father. It is not just an expense manager app but its like an ERP system for tha small business. Here he can import all details about the materials he imported with cost and quantity. All export cost details and the expenses done during that import to export materials. Then he can get a report between some dates ac to him about profit or lose amount, total import ammount , export amount, and total costs too.
dry-run: kuncham1/Oracle-apps-Online-IT-Training-in-Hyderabad-: 						                           K-ONLINES            A TRUE and FREE PLATFORM FOR'ORACLE WORLD K-ONLINES brings you an unique and effective way to learn entire ORACLE apps for free. It's an India based online service offers you to learn ORACLE APPS END TO END. We recently started uploading the videos of SQL, PL/SQL,Oracle/ERP Apps on YOUTUBE. Every video is intended to teach you the subject to the fullest, and from scratch to End you can learn on your OWN. We do provide you every video which are being recorded at our offline service. WHY K-ONLINES: > K-onlines not only takes the offline classes where the Main Branch Office is originated, but also takes ONLINE classes all over the WORLD. > We have been taking online classes to AMERICANS, AfRICANS, AUSTRALIANS, etc since 2013..... > We teach you the concepts of ORACLE, ERP concepts in a simple and effective way as if they are the ALPHABETS. > We provide you the SERVER ACCESS to LOGIN and you can accesses the tools to learn and Practice ORACLE/ERP concepts. > Around 200 students of our company have been placed in many MNC companies like INFOSYS, IBM, ORACLE,HCL etc... WHAT A STUDENT CAN GET??? > LOGIN credentials helps you to access the SERVER to practice the concepts which are being told , that avoids you paying Money to download the tools to learn ORACLE Apps. > User friendly websites to have videos to learn the ORACLE/ERP. > Each and every concept would be explained in detail that makes you Super Strong at Basics of oracle. YOUR TIMINGS OUR TEACHINGS: The founder of K-onlines, Mr.B.K.Naghendra Reddy is having 6+ years of experience on Offline Oracle Training, and he has started of taking ONLINE TRAINING classes since 2013.As per the CLIENT's flexible and Required TIMINGS, we take the Online Oracle Training classes and would be completed the training as per client's Requirement.  > We teach you the concepts of Each and every tool that is required to learn ORACLE apps in detail and how to USE them and Access them with Required Credentials. The following are the tools you would be learning:   1. SQL*plus   2. Toad (also for SQL for advanced concepts)   3. Report Builder (for Report generations)   4. XML Publisher (for Advanced Report Concepts)   5. ORacle App Engine (with USER creation along with OPERATIONS. > We do update you if any tool gets updated as per the latest ORACLE/ERP concepts at companies. ONE STEP AWAY TO GET SUCCEEDS: Globally, the ERP business in general and the ORACLE industry in particular are desperately in need of skilled professionals. The main challenge that confronts the IT industry is, how to identify and source ORACLE/ERP professionals.  K-ONLINES provides custom-built and industry-specific ORACLE Courses that will equip students with the needful ORACLE/ERP, and help in countering the challenges associated with the diverse ORACLE Projects. Our corporate training practices aim to equip company’s employees with the right skill set. To enrich the knowledge & skill sets of young software engineers by providing value added training in the areas of Software Development. To serve the industries by providing trained human resources in the above areas. To provide quality Software Training & Consulting Services in the areas of ORACLE, ERP, SQL, PLSQL.
dry-run: aparajayahtech/Software-Development-Application-Development: Since our establishment in 2010, our team have acquired a wealth of experience by being exposed to (what must be) all of the key business processes – from small to enterprise-level businesses. Our team makes sure to share these experiences with customers so that they can take satisfaction in the fact that new projects are built on the success of the previous project. We are stepping into web-based Software development, Mobile application development, Content Mangement System, eCommerce Development, CRM, ERP Development and IoT. We are gaining the clients from USA, Canada, UK, Australia, Germany, Saudi Arabia, Italy, Singapore, Malaysia, Namibia, Sweden and India. And also we have well-experienced development and designing team for the latest technologies. Since 2013, We are planning to develop software products. we have done a lot of software product for various industries. Like: System Integrators & Finance & Banking, Textile Garments, Sports, CSR. And we have developed a successful product called BZDesk Proposals, Leadtradex, BZDesk LMS, CSR Automation, Finansal and BZdesk ERP.
dry-run: bugfreetechno/Bugfree:  Bugfree Technologies Pvt. Ltd. is a young and dynamic company formed by the collective vision of IT Professionals having extensive experience in this sector with a focus on its ever growing potential. We have already developed a good clientele. We have the people who are committed and performance driven with a unified vision of success.  The company Corporate and Production Office is situated in GANDHINAGAR – Gujarat (India) while the International Office is based in the Newark - DE (USA).   We are having 18 + years of experience in ERP, CRM, Ecommerce, Mcommerce, Mobile Applications, Web Development, Product Devlopment, Business Intelligence, Quality Assurance , Test  Marketing, SI Practice, SAP Practice, Microsoft,  System Health Checkup, System Validation.  We are doing all most all work under the world of Software Industry.
dry-run: retailreco01/retail-reco: Retail Reco helps you to truly understand customer buying behavior by integrating with your existing ERP and other data sources to present all your customer, marketing, web, social, location-based and transaction data in one place. Predictive analytics can take you from guesswork to prediction by showing you where you are now, and where you can go next. It empowers you to analyze trends, patterns and relationships in your structured and unstructured data, apply those insights to predict future events, and act to achieve your actual business.Whether you work in marketing, customer service, sales, finance, operations or another area of your business, Retail Reco predictive analytics software puts a wealth of advanced capabilities at your fingertips, anywhere you need them—on premises, on cloud or as a hybrid solution. Our portfolio of products combines capabilities such as statistical analysis, predictive modeling, decision optimization and scoring, data collection and more, providing you with the tools to solve all of your organization’s data challenges more quickly and with better results.
dry-run: gracefuller/hire-software-programmer: We are seeking a software programmer to design, develop, and maintain software for the supply chain color management.  This position involves working with a team of professional programmers, scientists, technologists as well as business professionsals in the development of novel and sophisticated ERP system with special emphasis on a suite of intergrated color applications to collect, store manage and interpret date from business and production activities.     Desired Skills and Experience:   Bachelor of Science Degree or higher in Computer Science / Mathematics / Electrical Engineering / Physics or other relevant fields meeting the following skill set and experience requirements.  Must be proficient with C++, Windows x32/64, C#, as well as building user interfaces with a SQL database.  Must have 5+ years experience creating Database-backed Windows Applications using C++ and/or C#.  In addition, the candidate must have strong independent working experience while taking direction from withing a team or outside of a team meeting the objectives effectively and timely.  It is not a requirement but is a plus if the candidate has working experience with Ruby on Rails, .NET, Microsoft Azure and CSS programming for interfacing with the web, understand protocol/SDK for hardware/software interfacing for real-time control of date acquisition as well as understaning image file formats.  Finally, knowledge with color science and strong mathematics adds value to the job.  Have demonstrated the ability to handle multiple projects, meet deadlines, and effectively manage and communicate priorities.  A successful candidate will have considerable independence, working in a vigourous and exciting research environment.  Competitive salary commensurate with experience and qualifications.
dry-run: sapehs/saptraining: SAP EHS TrainingManaging human resources get easier with SAP ERP Human Capital Management solution. SAP EHS offers a complete and integrated set of tools to help organizations in effectively manage the people. SAP EHS Online Training is oriented towards making you adept in SAP EHS. You can use SAP EHS to hire the best talent, align employee goals with business objectives, cultivate employee skills, and measure and reward performance. SAP EHS also let you automate all core HR processes to increase efficiency, reduce costs, and support compliance. Become a better HR professional with SAP EHS that let you automate HR processes & attain efficiency in recruiting, developing & retaining the talent. Course OverviewTarget AudienceWhy choose usTrainer Profile SAP EHS BDT  spec, spec type, class, characteristics, spec cat, assignments, phrase text, phrase graphic, phrase code, phrase key, assignment, value assignments, value assignment categories, material assignment, substances, real substances, multi language settings, phrase sets, libraries, groups, property trees, number ranges, mater data matchup etc SAP EHS Product Safety  labels, reports, report categories, gen variants, msds, wwi coding, sds, repeating group, conditioned text, global label management, substance volume tracking etc SAP EHS DGM  Configuring Dangerous Goods Management, Dangerous Goods basic data and master data Check and documents of Dangerous Goods, Filling DG from specification data base SAP EHS WM  Waste laws and processes, Legal disposal master data, Legal disposal execution, Internal entry of quantities Administration, Logistical processing, Reporting and evaluation SAP EHS OH  hazard, risk, exposure, exam, test, exam categories, health, health surveillance protocols, frequency, rating, questionnaire, harm, injury, health centres, physicians, exposure groups etc SAP EHS IHS  Management of Work Areas, Creation of Risk/Agents, Management of Exposure profile and risk Measurement Management, Creation of Accident log, Reporting and evaluation etc
